feat(gcp-mysql): and ssl (#1169)
prisma/ecosystem-tests: databases/gcp-mysql-ssl/README.md

# GCP MySQL with SSL

Google Cloud MySQL with SSL

Prisma docs: https://www.prisma.io/docs/concepts/database-connectors/mysql#configuring-an-ssl-connection
GCP docs: https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/configure-ssl-instance

## How to run this locally

### Environment variables

> The environment variable `GCP_MYSQL_SSL_DB_URL` should point to a GCP MySQL database. It should follow the following pattern:
> 
> `mysql://<user>:<password>@<host>:<port>/<database>?sslmode=require&sslcert=../server-ca.pem&sslidentity=../client-identity.p12&sslpassword=<client-identity-password>&sslaccept=accept_invalid_certs`
> 
> The 3 mentioned files `server-ca.pem`, `client-cert.pem`, `client-key.pem` are to be downloaded from GCP and put into the root directory next to this `README.md` file. (In the tests of this project, these files are created on demand from environment variables that contain their content)

Reviewer: This is still not telling the full story. Downloading the files and putting them there, will miss the execution of the necessary command, which comes from the documentation.

A suggestion again:

```suggestion
The environment variable `GCP_MYSQL_SSL_DB_URL` should point to a GCP MySQL database. It should follow the following pattern to include the SSL configuration:

`mysql://<user>:<password>@<host>:<port>/<database>?sslmode=require&sslcert=../server-ca.pem&sslidentity=../client-identity.p12&sslpassword=<client-identity-password>&sslaccept=accept_invalid_certs`

The referenced files `server-ca.pem` and `client-identity.p12` are created from 3 files (`server-ca.pem`, `client-cert.pem`, `client-key.pem`) that are downloaded from GCP and put into the root directory next to this `README.md` file. (In the tests of this project, these files are created on demand from environment variables that contain their content, then the additional file is created via the `run.sh` script.)

```

Author: Since I changed the script at the bottom of the readme to call `sh run.sh`, it calls the required command. 

Writing that out does makes it explicit.

Author: Replicated the same in Pg test

> # Heroku PgBouncer Buildpack

Reviewer: nope

Google Cloud MySQL with SSL only connection. Requires

Prisma docs: https://www.prisma.io/docs/concepts/database-connectors/mysql#configuring-an-ssl-connection
GCP docs: https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/configure-ssl-instance

## How to run this locally

### Environment variables

> The environment variable `GCP_MYSQL_SSL_DB_URL` should point to a GCP MySQL database. Download the certificates based on GCP docs and put them in the root directory next to this `README.md` file.

Reviewer: can you point to the file from the repo here? just point out the file name and if you needed to do anything besides downloading

Author: The file can't be in the repo because they are secrets. In CI, they are in env vars and are written to the filesystem dynamically.

Author: The specific file names are listed below in the readme

Author: Suggest a commit to reorder if you prefer or if you mean something else.

> The environment variable `GCP_MYSQL_SSL_DB_URL` should point to a GCP MySQL database. Download the certificates based on GCP docs and put them in the root directory next to this `README.md` file.
> 
> The connection string `GCP_MYSQL_SSL_DB_URL` would look like:
> 
> `mysql://<user>:<password>@<host>:<port>/<database>?sslmode=require&sslcert=../server-ca.pem&sslidentity=../client-identity.p12&sslpassword=<client-identity-password>&sslaccept=accept_invalid_certs`
> 
> The following files are expected:
> 
> - server-ca.pem
> - client-cert.pem
> - client-key.pem
> 

Reviewer: Then maybe something like this:

```suggestion
The environment variable `GCP_MYSQL_SSL_DB_URL` should point to a GCP MySQL database. It should follow the following pattern:

`mysql://<user>:<password>@<host>:<port>/<database>?sslmode=require&sslcert=../server-ca.pem&sslidentity=../client-identity.p12&sslpassword=<client-identity-password>&sslaccept=accept_invalid_certs`

The 3 mentioned files `server-ca.pem`, `client-cert.pem`, `client-key.pem` are to be downloaded from GCP and put into the root directory next to this `README.md` file. (In the tests of this project, these files are created on demand from environment variables that contain their content)
```

Problem: The connection string only mentions 2 fils, and only 1 is listed in the list of files :shrug:

Author: Ah yes, the docs mention that and that is why I linked the docs I can copy that part over here but that would be duplicated docs, possibility of being outdated etc 🤷 

This is the line from the docs that produces the other file using the remaining listed files

`openssl pkcs12 -export -out client-identity.p12 -inkey client-key.pem -in client-cert.pem`

Author: An alternative can be to tell them to fill all the env vars i.e. load their certs in env vars and then just run `sh run.sh; sh test.sh` like the CI does but I feel that is clunkier (specifically loading certs in env vars bit).

Author: Changed the readme so this `openssl` command is used in `sh run.sh`. Making the env vars optional

Author: Waiting for CI to be green.

Author: And it is, replicated the same in the Postgres test.
